doc(release): Prepare release notes for modules next 22.04 (#2195)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 22.04.5 ###

Release date: `March 31, 2023`

#### Bug fixes

- [API] Fixed an issue with create element in view that could break default icon.
- [Authentication] Fixed an issue with authentication when several sessions are active.
- [CEIP] Added more details for MAP engine telemetry.

> - [Editor] Fixed an issue in shapes edition modal that caused scrollbar to be reset when browsing images.

Author: C'est parce que ce scrollbar est dans toutes les modales de configuration d'elements de map (on peut mettre des images quasiement partout). Du coup ni la formulation du ticket, ni celle de la PR ne sont valides. L'appelation "shapes modal" c est surout parce qu'on pas de terme précis pour decrire les elements qu'on places sur la map.
Suggestion:
`- [Editor] Fixed an issue in map creation and shapes edition modal that caused scrollbar to be reset when browsing images.`

> - Fixed the diagnostic.sh script to include storage event from Broker output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the **diagnostic.sh** script to include storage event from Broker output.
```

- [Editor] Fixed an issue with map sharing.
- [Install] Fixed an issue preventing the installation of **centreon-map-engine** on the same machine as **centreon-map-server**.
- [Install] Fixed the **diagnostic.sh** script to include storage event from Broker output.
- [Monitoring] Fixed an issue where MAP was not supporting performance data returned by Cisco ASA plugin.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that caused server to crash on corrupted metrics.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that made new hosts and services unavailable until restart.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that prevented the migration between MAP Legacy and MAP.
- [Server] Fixed an issue with migration and images that could cause migration process to stop.
- [Server] Fixed an issue with the server startup error caused by platform without virtual hosts.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue that could cause a blank page to be displayed when user clicked on host name link inside a map.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue that prevented the tooltip for the "old perfdata" plugin from being displayed in the graph.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue when custom URL was set and prevented some old media in maps from being displayed correctly.

> - [Viewer] Fixed an issue when dark theme is not applied on tooltips in Geo views or Standard views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue when dark theme was not applied on tooltips in Geo views or Standard views.
```

- Fixed the background layout not fitting large map.
- Fixed an issue that made new hosts and services unavailable until restart.

#### Enhancements

- Added the display of supported shapes only at the double-click on the editor.
- Added documentation and sanitization of the API.
- Aligned "Submit button" inside the Map configuration modal.

> - Added spacing to the title inside MAP configuration modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added spacing to the title inside the MAP configuration modal.
```

- [Editor] Added resource parent name in graph.
- [Editor] Added spacing to the title inside the MAP configuration modal.
- [Editor] Added the display of supported shapes only at the double-click on the editor.
- [Editor] Aligned "Submit button" inside the MAP configuration modal.
- [Editor] Managed view background color.
- [Viewer] Made viewer and editor rendering more consistent.

> 

Reviewer 2: Update draw.io version is missing. 15827 "Update draw.io library"

> 

Reviewer 2: missing 12115
Fixed an issue that caused the unit not matching the axis on graph widget.

## Centreon MAP

### 22.04.5 ###

Release date: `March 31, 2023`

> > You need to execute the configure.sh script in order to apply some fixes provided by this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You need to execute the **configure.sh** script in order to apply some fixes provided by this release.
```

## Centreon MAP Legacy

### 22.04.5

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

> - [Server] Fixed spring persistence issue on sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed Spring persistence issue on sign in.
```

## Centreon BAM

### 22.04.3

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Various issues incurred with the Business Platform.

> - [BAM] Redirection in Monitoring -> BA -> monitoring not working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BAM] Fixed an issue in the BA monitoring redirection.
```

- Fixed an error message in boolean rules when a host name was longer than 15 characters.
- Fixed an issue that prevented the children Business Activities from being displayed on Remote Servers.

> - Fixed an export issue that prevented Remote Servers from displaying BAM reporting stats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an export issue that prevented Remote Servers from displaying BAM reporting statistics.
```

- [Widget] Fixed an issue that made links to Business Activities broken on **BAM - Live Business Activity Tree**.
- Fixed an issue that made BA tree not visible if dark mode was used.

> - Fixed a flaw in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.
```

## Centreon BAM

### 22.04.3

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue that caused MBI pages to not be displayed even with the module and license installed.
- Improve time for daily ETL calculation.

> - Fixed the bug when report can't be sent by email with O365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where report could not be sent by email with Microsoft Office 365.
```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue that prevented MBI pages from being displayed even when module and license are installed.

> - Fixed an issue where report could not be sent by email with Microsoft Office 365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where report could not be sent by email with Microsoft Office 365.

```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue that prevented MBI pages from being displayed even when module and license are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented MBI pages from being displayed even when module and license were installed.
```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 22.04.1

Release date: `soon`

> #### Bugfixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Bug fix
```

> - Send downtimes to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Core] Fixed SQL queries when databases names contain dash.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enhancement

- Downtimes are now also sent to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.

```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 22.04.1

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fix

- [Core] Fixed SQL queries when databases names contain dash.

#### Enhancement

> - Downtimes are now also sent to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Monitoring] Downtimes are now also sent to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.
```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 22.04.1

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```
